good morning people facebook youtube
I just left the house, who knows.
My house does not end line
already the cart that is to make mine
colleagues
I live here very close to my
career
start putting videos on youtube and
a more or less one video per day
average every two days
nothing much too long because i do
direct uploading on mobile
it's kind of bad to do because
internet that is somewhat limited and
cable for my dear but I will try to come back
and slowly with the channel and made a
cleaning on the cell phone that was very
full video is photo 32 gig
it was full
despite the size
the attack on the cart
the party too
can you keep quiet
Itai show in real quick for you
Some changes I made
is the cliq cliq but clicked from the galaxy
so folks
the change in the truck everything comes up but mine
God
because the bumper
I went to the grill
I took the xenon out for three lines
All rights reserved.
the cart is pretty much the same thing
but I had my last name
in that the flap back here peeling
let's do it again for the decisive
Caleb, only week I'll tell
washing cart and mackerel on the road and
can leave the Olympian next week
I 'm going to stop to take a break
This is it people hanging it here.
I'm leaving soon but I'm not
change tire also said it's going to call
who have now started calling first
It's getting into her system and that's it.
medium
It turns the mother tongue on and off.
op
It's all good, the satisfaction there.
back with the videos was worth
that's the way it's the same